List of Quotes:

“We tell ourselves stories in order to live.” — Joan Didion 

“Stories have to be told or they die.” — Sue Monk Kidd 

“People forget facts, but they remember stories.” — Joseph Campbell 

“Great stories happen to those who can tell them.” — Ira Glass 

“The universe is made of stories, not atoms.” — Muriel Rukeyser 

“The stories we tell literally make the world.” — Michael Margolis 

“If you want to change the world, change your story.” — Michael Margolis 

“After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most.” — Philip Pullman 

“We all are stories in the end.” — Steven Moffat (Doctor Who) 

“A good story can take you on a journey without leaving your seat.” — Unknown

“Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.” — Margaret Fuller 

“A word after a word after a word is power.” — Margaret Atwood 

“One glance at a book, and you hear the voice of another person.” — Carl Sagan 

“Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world.” — Napoleon Bonaparte 

“The world belongs to those who read.” — Rick Holland 

“A book is a gift you can open again and again.” — Garrison Keillor 

“Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.” — Frederick Douglass 

“Books are a uniquely portable magic.” — Stephen King 

“So many books, so little time.” — Frank Zappa 

“Reading is an exercise in empathy.” — Malorie Blackman

“You can make anything by writing.” — C.S. Lewis 

“If there’s a book that you want to read, but it hasn’t been written yet, you must write it.” — Toni Morrison 

“Everybody walks past a thousand story ideas every day.” — Orson Scott Card 

“A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit.” — Richard Bach 

“The scariest moment is always just before you start.” — Stephen King 

“I write to discover what I know.” — Flannery O’Connor 

“Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.” — William Wordsworth 

“Writing is the painting of the voice.” — Voltaire 

“Imagination is the beginning of creation.” — George Bernard Shaw 

“Stories may well be the currency of human contact.” — Robert McKee

“Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.” — Hans Christian Andersen 

“Actual happiness looks pretty squalid in comparison with the over‑compensations for misery.” — Aldous Huxley 

“Delicious ambiguity: some stories don’t have endings.” — Gilda Radner 

“We live in stories, not statistics.” — Sir Roger Scruton 

“Your greatest achievement will always be your life’s story.” — Michael Margolis 

“The world isn’t just the way it is. It’s how we understand it—and, in understanding, we can make it something else.” — Ian McEwan

“Where words fail, music speaks.” — Hans Christian Andersen 

“Music is the language of the spirit.” — Kahlil Gibran 

“Music is the soundtrack of your life.” — Dick Clark 

“Music is powerful. As people listen to it, they can be affected. They respond.” — Ray Charles 

“Life and love go on—let the music play.” — Johnny Cash 

“Most people die with their music still locked up inside them.” — Benjamin Disraeli 

“Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?” — Goldie Hawn 

“Music is the universal language of mankind.” — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 

“Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.” — Plato 

“You can cage the singer but not the song.” — Harry Belafonte 

“If I cannot fly, let me sing.” — Stephen Sondheim 

“Music should be your escape.” — Missy Elliott 

“Music is the tool to express life—and all that makes a difference.” — Herbie Hancock

“Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.” — W. B. Yeats 

“You shouldn't dream your film; you should make it!” — Steven Spielberg 

“Stories are a communal currency of humanity.” — Tahir Shah 

“Great stories happen to those who can tell them.” — Ira Glass 

“Sometimes reality is too complex. Stories give it form.” — Jean‑Luc Godard 

“All great literature is one of two stories: a man goes on a journey or a stranger comes to town.” — Leo Tolstoy 

“Listen, and you will realize that we are made not from cells or atoms but from stories.” — Mia Couto 

“People are hungry for stories; it’s part of our very being.” — Studs Terkel 

“Storytelling is our obligation to the next generation.” — Peter Guber 

“Imagination is the beginning of creation.” — George Bernard Shaw 

“After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most.” — Philip Pullman 

“A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order.” — Jean‑Luc Godard

“Cinema is a matter of what’s in the frame and what’s out.” — Martin Scorsese 

“If it can be written, or thought, it can be filmed.” — Stanley Kubrick 

“A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.” — Orson Welles 

“In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director.” — Alfred Hitchcock 

“The public is always right.” — Cecil B. De Mille

“Games are the most elevated form of investigation.” — Albert Einstein 

“Life is more fun if you play games.” — Roald Dahl 

“We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.” — George Bernard Shaw 

“War. War never changes.” — Narrator, Fallout 

“It’s dangerous to go alone—take this!” — Old Man, The Legend of Zelda 

“Endure and survive.” — Ellie, The Last of Us 

“Science isn’t about why—it’s about why not!” — Cave Johnson, Portal 2 

“Nothing is more badass than treating a woman with respect!” — Mr. Torgue, Borderlands 2 

“Stop right there, criminal scum!” — Town Guard, Oblivion 

“No matter how dark the night, morning always comes, and our journey begins anew.” — Lulu, Final Fantasy X 

“A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage.” — Hero’s Shade, Zelda: Twilight Princess 

“Hope is what makes us strong. It is what we fight with when all else is lost.” — Pandora, God of War III 

“Often when we guess at others’ motives, we reveal only our own.” — Mara Sov, Destiny 

“Bring me a bucket, and I'll show you a bucket!” — Psycho, Borderlands 2 

“Steel wins battles. Gold wins wars.” — Davion, DOTA 2 

“We're made up of thousands of parts working in tandem. If one fails, life fails—how fragile we are.” — Ingun Black‑Briar, Skyrim 

“Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead souls, and ask the ghosts if honor matters.” — Javik, Mass Effect 3 

“Wanting something does not give you the right to have it.” — Ezio Auditore, Assassin’s Creed II 

“It's been fun. Don't come back.” — GLaDOS, Portal 2

“Take your broken heart, make it into art.” — Carrie Fisher (acceptance speech, 2017) 

“Takeoff and landing are the most dangerous parts of a flight—and so it goes with stories.” — Jenifer Hixson 

“The end of a story is like the end of a good meal; we’re sated, but it doesn’t mean we’ll never be hungry again.” — Kate Tellers 

“A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theater ticket, and the babysitter were worth it.” — Alfred Hitchcock 

“Cinema’s forte is to capture and communicate the intimacies of the human mind.” — Satyajit Ray 

“In the world of games, the most important rule is this: there are no rules. Let your creativity guide you.” — Markus Persson 

“Creation is a drug I can’t do without.” — Cecil B. De Mille 

“A director makes only one movie in his life. Then he breaks it into pieces and makes it again.” — Jean Renoir 

“Cinema is truth twenty‑four times a second.” — Jean‑Luc Godard 

“Photography is truth; and cinema is truth 24 times a second.” — Jean‑Luc Godard (alternate wording) 

“Games are not just the most popular form of entertainment—they’re our rehearsal for the future.” — Sid Meier 

“Play is essential; it gives people moments of magic and human connection.” — The Guardian feature on games 

“True stories can’t be told forward, only backward.” — Molly Antopol (via Storytelling with Impact) 

“Cinema is an endless night with always the hope of dawn.” — Hong Sang‑soo 

“Film in the 20th century—like jazz—is the American art form.” — Martin Scorsese